Disable cascading writes in ambiguous cases (#3794)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/help/kdb-meta-set.md

  Give debug information. Prints additional debug information in case of errors/warnings.
- `-q`, `--quiet`:
  Suppress non-error messages.
- `-f`, `--force`:

>   Do not perform a cascasing lookup if the key provided has a namespace. For example, this bypasses validation specified in the spec: namespace for the given key.

Reviewer: It is not the cascading lookup which bypasses the spec: validation.

```suggestion
  Do not perform a cascading KDB operations if the key provided has a namespace. For example, this bypasses validation specified in the spec: namespace for the given key.
```

>   Do not perform a cascading KDB operations if the key provided has a namespace. For example, this bypasses validation specified in the spec: namespace for the given key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Do not perform cascading KDB operations if the key provided has a namespace. For example, this bypasses validation specified in the spec: namespace for the given key.
```
